Okay, tell him he really knows the law
Hospital President Ye Yaozi Medical Expenses List
Computer shows trace
I can't find it
Can't find it
Impossible how is this possible
Let him find out the ups and downs alone. It's a treasure
This old man can change his fortune
If the computer can't find it, there is no need to pay the fee?
Really guilty, you really think of yourself as a family, don't you?
Don't forget this is a hospital
I have the final say
That's right, Mr. Liu is right
Your sister has spent a total of money since she was admitted to the hospital.
30 million.
Impossible, definitely not so much.
I've only lived there a few years
What do you know?
Dare to offend Liu Shao
If you can't take out the 30 million today
Even if you're still breathing
I'm willing to push you to the morgue
You rubbish
It's the background that comes out
Strength is luck
Lucky you are rich
What are you pretending to be here with a broken floating god?
Can Liu Shao hear a sentence?
It's called destiny.
The skin can't dry out, big tree receptor
Mortal embryos also want to change their fortunes
Miss Su, Miss Lin
What brings you two here?
I'm here to inform you
Ye Yao's medical expenses are free
Impossible Miss Su
This is a hospital.
5 minutes ago, my Su family had a whim
Has been desperately acquiring
Now I have the final say here
And you have a day off to get out of Yunzhou?
otherwise